add PR template to rendered project (#485)
astropy/package-template: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Complete the following sentence and add relevant details as you see fit.
In addition please ensure that the pull request title is descriptive
and allows maintainers to infer the applicable subpackage(s). -->

This pull request is to address ...

<!-- If the pull request closes any open issues you can add this.
If you replace <Issue Number> with a number, GitHub will automatically link it.
If this pull request is unrelated to any issues, please remove
the following line. -->

Fixes #<Issue Number>

## PR Checklist

- [ ] Check out the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [code of conduct](https://github.com/astropy/astropy/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [ ] Check out the [contributing workflow](http://docs.astropy.org/en/latest/development/workflow/development_workflow.html) ( for a practical example [click here](https://docs.astropy.org/en/latest/development/workflow/git_edit_workflow_examples.html#astropy-fix-example) )

- [ ] Give a detailed description of the PR above.
- [ ] Document changes in the `TEMPLATE_CHANGES.md` file. See existing changelog for examples.

> - [ ] Add tests, if applicable, to ensure code coverage never decreases.

Reviewer: I am not sure if we should enforce "never decreases," as sometimes that is just not possible.

```suggestion
- [ ] Add tests, if applicable, to ensure code coverage.
```

- [ ] Make sure the docs are up to date, if applicable, particularly the docstrings and RST files in `docs` folder.

> - [ ] Ensure linear history by rebasing, when requested by the maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Perform `git` squash or rebase as necessary, when requested by the maintainer.
```
